The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah. Uh, so who are you voting for? No kidding.
I put a I'm joking.
H what? A whirlwind you're in, huh? Strange.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> strange to watch it take place cuz it's so it's so obvious
what it is. It's uh,
I know they're using me to make him look bad that he
supports me or that he used my endorsement. Right.
I had no idea they were gonna do that. Either. The Bernie Sanders people just,
and all I said is I'm probably gonna vote for him. Right. I said, I like TSI,
Gabbard. I really love her. I love him. I love Andrew Yang.
Those are the people that I think like, and look, here's,
here's a really important point. I'm a moron.
If you're basing who you're gonna vote for on president for,
for president based on mine. Right? Like what I, like, I know I'm not,
I'm not that balls deep into this stuff. Yeah. It is not, it's not,
I'm not the guy.
It's very strange. And, and this is a little outta left field,
but how much of this is based on your look,
if you were't a muscular baldheaded white guy, I don't know if this would be,
uh, I bet this would be a different.
Game. <affirmative> what's easy to paint me as a doucheback. Right.
And also it's what's really funny is the thing that I said in the video was
exactly what they did. I said, if you just take the worst aspects of someone,
take out everything else, magnify it. Right. And you know,
you could paint them out to be a real piece of. Of course I have 10.
Texts today.
But I, what I said is that it's hard to do that with Bernie. Cause he's, ah,
he's a really consistent guy. He's the real deal. He was out in.
The front lines, in the sixties with the, the civil rights. Right. Getting.
Changed. Yeah. To people and getting arrested. Yeah. Right. He was, um,
that doesn't mean he's gonna be a great president. I don't. No, of course.
I don't know. What's required to be a president. I really don't.
And I don't understand.
What's required to make sure the economy functions correctly. And also,
I don't understand what's in required to make the military function correctly.
No, it's just guesswork. I mean, maybe we're better off with Trump.
Maybe we're better off with someone else. I don't know.
But what was fascinating to me was that these people like CNN.
I printed something saying that I was homophobic and transphhobic,
and there's a clip that they're using. That's completely outta context.
That there's the only look as far as trans people,
some trans people listening to this.
I got nothing but love for you for everybody. And in fact,
Eddie Isard is one of my all time. Favorite guests. Oh loveard.
And he's one of the most inspirational and brilliant people I've ever met.
I love that guy.
And he's probably one of the most public trans people in the first,
most public celebrities to go trans mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't care. Nobody.
This had to do, but this had to do with fighting. This had to do with a man. Oh,
that's what, this was what I was saying.
And the video that they're using was me saying you're a man,
definitely shouldn't use those words, but this is why I was upset.
There was a guy, um,
this person was a man for were 30 years.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> transitioned to become a woman for two years and then
started fighting women in MMA.
And didn't tell them mm-hmm <affirmative> that she used to be a man. Ah,
and was smashing girls. Sure. She broke, literally broke this girl's skull. Mm.
Like broke her face and was kind of bragging about it. Like she was, you know,
she was hping up her MMA career. Right? Yeah.
And then people found out that she was a trans woman and she used to be a man.
And she said that she didn't have to disclose that because it was a medical
procedure. Oh. And it had nothing to do. It wasn't their, their business there.
She 80, I was like. And now here's the thing.
If she disclosed it and everyone knew I'm a hundred percent in favor of it.
If you wanna do that,
if you're a woman and it's your choice to fight a trans woman and see how you
do. And in fact, a woman who eventually went and fought in the UFC,
a girl named Ashley, Evan Smith. Who's a really good fighter.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, you know, UFC, caliber fighter,
a unlike this other woman who was the trans woman,
that trans woman was just really strong. Yeah.
She wasn't the same caliber as a world class martial arts, Ashley,
Evan Smith actually wound up beating her. Oh yeah. Yes. And then,
and then she fought in the UFC afterwards.
Uh-huh can we see a photo of this gal? It's not, oh, I just wanna know.
Does it look like a dude? Little,
they couldn't tell skilling woman. Okay. You know? Well, when,
when he was a dude, he looked like a, a guy, right? Like a bro. Yeah.
And then when he became a woman, he looked, you know, like a, yeah,
definitely. You could say he was a woman, a dude, lady. But I, you know,
I was like the outta here. You're a man. And so they,
they taken that he's so transphobic, like not, I'm not listen.
This is want people to get hurt. This has only to do with athletics.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
that's it in terms of your gender identity and who you are and what you wanna
do. I don't care. And specifically my wheelhouse, which is fighting,
there is a gigantic physical advantage that men have in that,
in that particular sport. Well,
we all know that when a guy hits a girl in the street,
there's a different vibe than when a girl hits a guy.
That's the problem is that's what the fights look like.
The fights of like a guy hitting a girl. And he's, you know,
also fighting people that aren't that skilled. It's a low level MMA promotion.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you know, and then when it came out,
there was all this outrage.
But what was really fascinating was how many people were mad at me,
but didn't have an equal amount of,
there was there weret aren't equally upset that this woman was deceptive. Well,
you can't about the fact that she was trans it's bad for the cause. Right?
Right. Cause you're really in supportive transgender people.
It's very bad for the cause.
If you have a transgender woman that doesn't disclose she's transgender and is
beating the at a biological woman and here's the big, well,
here's one of the big problems with it.
Ultimately the ones who get over are biological women in this whole race
to be woke mm-hmm <affirmative> and including transgender women in female
sports, biological women are the ones getting over, right?
When these trans women are winning world records and, and, and,
and becoming world champions. And it's, you know,
it is this it's where the rubber meets the road between pragmatic
objective people that are analyzing the, all the,
the facts and people who wanna stick with a woke ideology.
And they don't want to hear it on the other side.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so this is the big one that people are calling me out on.
Right? The other one is like the homophobia one is like, come on, man, look,
I have nothing but love for gay people. Nothing but love. I love gay people,
but I make fun of them. I make fun of me. I make fun of my mom.
I'll make fun of you when you're here. I'll make fun of you when you leave.
Sure. Doesn't mean I don't love '. Right. Like I was saying before,
one of my most popular memes online is in support of gay marriage. And it was,
it says, if you, if you had eight gay marriage,
it is because of one or two reasons,
either you're dumb or you're secretly worried that are delicious.
<laugh> and that has been shared millions of times. In fact,
I had a gay strong man in here. I saw that. Yeah.
And he was the world's strongest gay.
And he was talking about Rob Careney was talking about how hilarious he thought
that was.
And he had seen that it's one of the first exposures that he had to me. Yeah.
Well, they're just looking for to pin to you. That's.
All it's to it's to marginalize him.
And it's also people that don't want anyone who's not woke to
represent anything on the left. Yeah. If you're gonna be on the left,
there's a lot of people. Well, there's a, first of all,
I should say this before I say anything about the blowback.
Uh-oh the positive side. Like the support that I've gotten from people,
because this has been overwhelming and really heartwarming mm-hmm <affirmative>
from so many from great comics and scientists and people that have had on the
podcast.
Psychology today wrote an article about how the media is gaslighting you
on me. Yeah. Like they're like,
they're trying to paint this guy out to be this monster.
Like have I said stupid. A hundred percent.
I've done 1400 plus podcasts. A lot of 'em high, like a giant percentage of,
I said a bunch of stupid. I couldn't even believe while saying it.
I like to say inappropriate words. I do it all the time. Same. Why?
Because it's fun. Yes. Because we're comics and, but it might.
Hurt some people. Yeah. But some people like it.
I like, I like saying words. You're not supposed to say sometimes. Yeah.
But it it's doesn't mean I'm ho obic no.
Or racist or sexist or misogynist Dick or transphobic these things. Aren't true.
I love everybody. Like literally, if you're a nice person, I will love you.
Yeah. I'm, I'm cool with.
Everybody. The weird thing is they want it to be true.
Why it's not even about the justice or helping people.
It's about nailing a guy down.
It feels more like vindictive and we want to hurt you than it does.
Let's save the world. It's more like, if you go, I'm actually not. They go, ah,
whatever.
Well, there's a couple things going on. One.
This podcast gotten way too big and it actually can influence elections. Oh.
That's real. That's do you like that? That's.
Terrifying. No, it's not good.
I don't think I want to have anything to do with politics. Not to.
This. I'm the same. I'm sorry.
Ask the question. No, but I like rather talk to you. Okay.
I'd rather talk to someone like you than ever talk about this and have
politicians on. And I've never voted.
No know whether or not they're full of or not. Congratulations.
I've never, I don't know anything about politics. I don't follow it. Good.
People are obsessed. It's taken over too much time in your day.
It burns too many calories and people get so passionate about it.
It's all changing. And it's all silly. I would love.
If they revamped the system and made it. So there was a,
like a council of really smart people who yes. Who get to decide on things.
Think tank.
Yes. Get the smartest people in here exactly. Are not.
The most likable. Exactly. And get em fed,
give em at least a micro dose of mushrooms before they make their decisions.
<laugh> I mean.
Obama hated gay marriage, but we all like him.
I don't dont think he hated Don gay marriage or he was against it. He was.
Doing that for political reasons because he was trying to attract a certain
amount of people that were on the right. And it's, it's a ploy. Right?
They have to play their hands carefully. They're playing chess.
What's giveifferent.
Palm what'snce though. He could have swayed the leg. I mean, he was, uh,
in charge of. So he couldn't make policies. Well.
Hillary Clinton didn't believe in gay marriage until 2013. There you go.
But it's weird. It's but it's not real. It's they're in their world.
That's what it is. The world of politics. They're giving up paw.
They're making a concession. Right? Exactly.
And so what this is is take me down to make Bernie look bad.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> because Bernie dared to post one of my videos in the
meantime, Bernie has searched to number one in the polls. Oh, is that right?
Yes. He's number one in the polls.
And number one for the first time in the bettingdding polls a-ha so it's like,
look, I don't know if it's good or bad.
Well, it's like Chappelle, everybody hates Chappelle.
He's the transphobic guy of the year,
whatever he's won the Grammy three years in a row for best comedy album.
And he just won the mark Twain award. So it's like,
we talk a big game and we complain in and my own. But I think the,
the real out there.
Well, even more,
more telling when rotten tomatoes only let five woke critics, right.
<laugh> judge his special, he had a 0% on RO tomatoes. Exactly.
Then when they let the general public do it, it jumped up to 90, 90%. Yeah.
Which is unheard of. I know. And.
Why does anybody go? This is weird, right? I mean, we do it, but you know, the,
the people with the big voices and the loudest people are all going, oh, well,
whatcha are you gonna do? They never chime in on.
That. Well, the, but right now you are one of the loudest people right now. Oh.
And here's the other thing that's terrify.
Those people that are the other loudest people out there are all being employed
by giant companies. Ah, is that what it is now?
If you're a part of a giant media company, we don't even have to say any,
you have to make arrangements with political parties and
candidates. They will give you access to candidates, but they in exchange,
they would like you to run certain stories. Mm.
They would like you to cover things.
They would like you to not cover other things. I mean,
you're seeing this anti- Bernie Sanders push. Yeah. Across the board.
Hillary Clinton just came out and said that she thinks she, nobody likes him.
I saw that. She said that, why would you say that the guy campaigned for you?
What are you an eight year old? Nobody.
Likes him. Exactly. And she said that he's a career politician. Like,
Hmm.
What does that mean?
Were you involved in industry before this? Like,
did you manufacture televisions? Like what did you do before? Right. Well,
you you're a lawyer for a little bit. Okay.
<laugh> aren't you a clear career politician and your husband's clearly a career
politician like this crazy thing to say mm-hmm <affirmative> um, and then,
you know,
there's like a lot of people that are in support of Elizabeth Warren that were
trying to push the narrative that Bernie Sanders is sexist. This,
this helps that narrative come on because Elizabeth Warren was saying that she
said that he had said to her that a woman could never be president.
Did you ever see that inter exchange where the two of 'em were on CNN?
I heard about it.
I try not to watch anything.
Good for you.
But so this is what it's been for me just to watch all this play out.
But this is the first time I've seen.
You rattled, by the way. I've never you're you're usually cool. As a cucumber.
I, you look a little for CLE.
I just wanna make sure that I say it the way I think it all right.
Get it out. That's but that's why if I feel, if I look rattled,
but the positive thing, thank you.
The positive thing has been the outpouring of support by so many, many people.
Yes. It's been overwhelming. Like, and then the,
the support to negative is the ratios. Incredible. So it's it's awesome. Well,
the.
Good news is everyone who knows you likes you.
All the people who are saying have probably never met you,
or don't even listen to the pod. But this is a well.
Even listening to the podcast. You don't know me that well,
but this is a part of the problem with human beings,
communicating through social media. Yes. Social media is the worst way,
like Twitter or so like that is the worst way to either know someone express a
feeling or show any compassion mm-hmm <affirmative> and no one,
this is one of the reasons why cancel culture is so, right, right.
Because this is the best way to cancel somebody through a tweet. you. Yeah.
Look at how many comics did that with Louis. Yeah.
After Louis CCK thing went down on, there was a bunch of comics that were like,
now it's my chance. Right? I'm gonna move up the ladder.
And Tim Dillon posted this awesome Instagram post about that.
Like recognizing that Uh-huh like, I see what, this is.
A lot of these people that are virtue signaling these insanely mediocre UN
talented comedians.
<Laugh> that, uh, tends to be,
you don't see Michelle Wolf for michaelche and all this. Exactly. Exactly.
Especially when the, um, the leaked audio came out, people like this is,
oh, he's leaning into it. He's HES. You know, he's Al right now, like, listen,
that hurt me. Feeling CK has always said the most inappropriate. That's funny.
I know, go back. And you guys don't even fans.
Well, when you tweet there's the, the remorse is much smaller.
Like canceling a guide. Oh, through the computer.
You're not gonna feel as much guilt and shame and meanness. You don't feel,
you don't.
Feel anything. It's a keyboard. You don't feel anything.
I'm hoping that social media will evolve to something that you,
that people that somehow or another allow people to be more compassionate to
each other.
Or maybe we'll just understand how to use it better and understand consequence.
Maybe when everybody gets canceled. Right. Everybody.
Right. Well, it's like, you can't drink and drive,
but you can drink and tweeted. Yeah. You know, which is way almost, you know,
it's career suicide instead of, you know, auto.
Do we know the jsine SA story? She's.
Is that the aids chick? Yes. John stopley. Yeah. That's amazing.
She was on her way to Africa. She was, uh, on,
I think she took an Ambien and she was drinking. Yeah. Yeah. And she's like, uh,
going to Africa. I hope I don't get aids. Right. Just kidding. On white LOL.
<laugh> that's a good tweet. It's a good joke.
It's a joke of Mark Norman joke in a lot of ways. Thank you.
It is in a lot of ways. Right.
It's kind of like something that you would say as.
A joke. I get, I Don know if I'd go at the white angle, but I like it.
What would you say instead of white? Cause white people do get aids,
so it doesn't really do make sense logically. Right. But when you're on.
Ambien and you're liquored up. Oh, ambient man,
you only have a couple minutes before the flight takes off and you lose <laugh>
you lose cellular.
Yeah. Yeah. You misspell a few things. You're like, I can't.
Go back.
I know when you try to get it's a hectic when you try to get a tweet off on the
runway. I I know.
<Laugh> it's true. And then you, you know, know the whole flight you're waiting.
You don't buy the wifi.
Petty, Cincinnati buy tickets@marknorman.com. Ah. I didn't spell Norman. Right,
right, right, right.
I must spell my own name. Twitter.
The whole world would change if Twitter gave you like 10 seconds of, uh,
edit time. Yeah. We can change the whole world. Roseanne will be on the air.
Yeah.
Well, at the end of the day with all this, this it's um,
my feelings about all this are it's. It's interesting to see. Yeah.
It's interesting to see the, the hate brigade come my way. And uh,
it's interesting. It's, it's very heartwarming to see support. Yes.
But it's also, you know, at the end of the day,
I've got a giant body of work.
Like you can only lie so much about what I am and what done, you know,
when people watch the Elon Musk interview, they're not like,
look at all the homophobias. Right. It hates women in that interview. Yeah.
It's like nonsense. Like have I made inappropriate jokes? Yeah. For sure.
I'm a comedian. Yeah. When, when you,
and especially if you're drinking and you're smoking pot, you are swinging.
Right. You know how it is when we're doing this course,
you of course pitches are coming your way. A lot of 'em are high.
You're like I'm going in. Yeah. Woo. And you don't hit the ball.
And you're like, ah, last.
Time I was here, I made eight jokes about kids. <laugh> you know, <laugh>,
it's funny because it's so extreme, like a racist joke. It's funny.
Cuz racism is stupid. These people they're they're grasping at straws.
They got nothing.
It's not real racism. It's a joke. Yeah. Not.
Hiring a guy's cause HES brown is racism. Exactly. Exactly. Come on.
What are we doing? I just exactly.
And they just know that the word racism is gonna get some eyeballs.
It's gonna get some, uh, stirring.
Up. Well, that was the crazy thing about the CNN articles.
Like they put in all the isms,
all the isms and all the OBS and like on that,
they're not applicable history of these things, you know, that's uh,
there's a history of these things. Well, there might be a history of jokes.